add information about Vivecrafts shader integration (#350)
IrisShaders/DocsPage: src/content/docs/current/Reference/Mod Support/vivecraft.mdx

---
title: Vivecraft
description: How to add special Vivecraft integration.
sidebar:
  order: 1
---

> [Vivecraft](https://modrinth.com/mod/vivecraft) is a mod which allows to play Minecraft in VR. Vivecraft provides a few macros and uniforms to inform shaders about the current render state.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Vivecraft](https://modrinth.com/mod/vivecraft) is a mod which allows Minecraft to be played in VR. Vivecraft provides a few macros and uniforms to inform shaders about the current render state.  
```
